label,domain,responded
compromised,www.iuqerfsodp9ifjaposdfjhgosurijfaewrwergwea.com,0 #wannacry
compromised,rdtrc.it,1 #cryptowall
compromised,ikkftipq.de,1 #cryptowall
compromised,vakvsuympdl.nl,1 #cryptowall
compromised,npdayoedct.pm,1 #cryptowall
compromised,entbdjospamls.be,1 #cryptowall
compromised,jpvrroekwbxbwvr.us,1 #cryptowall
compromised,27lelchgcvs2wpm7.top,1 #cerber
compromised,4kqd3hmqgptupi3p.top,1 #cerber
compromised,52uo5k2t73ypjije.top,1 #cerber
compromised,avsxrcoo2q5fgrw2.top,1 #cerber
compromised,cerberhhyed5frqa.top,1 #cerber
compromised,ffoqr3ug7m726zou.top,1 #cerber
compromised,fnmi62725zfti2vy.top,1 #cerber
compromised,ftoxmpdipwobp4qy.top,1 #cerber
compromised,hjhqmbxyinislkkt.top,1 #cerber
compromised,oqwygprskqv65j72.top,1 #cerber
compromised,p27dokhpz2n7nvgr.top,1 #cerber
compromised,pe2cku7pebkpgeko.top,1 #cerber
compromised,qfjhpgbefuhenjp7.top,1 #cerber
compromised,unocl45trpuoefft.top,1 #cerber
compromised,vyohacxzoue32vvk.top,1 #cerber
compromised,xpcx6erllkjced3j.top,1 #cerber
compromised,cerberhhyed5frqa.li4loi.win,1 #cerber
compromised,cerberhhyed5frqa.alri58.win,1 #cerber
compromised,cerberhhyed5frqa.ti4wic.win,1 #cerber
compromised,cerberhhyed5frqa.cneo59.top,1 #cerber
compromised,tkmsecrdiryv.us,1 #locky
compromised,lafwkyrvhrt.ru,1 #locky
compromised,cuftbrxrsfbvof.ru,1 #locky
compromised,pkfnlm.yt,1 #locky
compromised,haxrr.tf,1 #locky
compromised,upubaccb.tf,1 #locky
compromised,hbjpyfeopwbcceh.de,1 #locky
compromised,yqymolwiaikxxx.fr,1 #locky
compromised,mgydrg.pw,1 #locky
compromised,esbdd.nl,1 #locky
compromised,rixpatwb.us,1 #locky
compromised,fxxgvhlqqgf.ru,1 #locky
